>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I
think many people today
don't know what to believe
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: In this
edition of "Beyond Belief,"
we're going to talk about
up there and maybe down
here, extraterrestrial
presence, UFOs.
Chase Kloetzke's with us.
She's a UFO export, a
researcher, and noted author,
and one of my favorites.
Chase welcome to the program.
>>CHASE KLOETZKE: It's
so my pleasure, George.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in investigating UFOs?
>>KLOETZKE: It really started
as simple as reading "Chariots
of the Gods" by
Erich von Daniken--
>>NOORY: Love the guy!
>>KLOETZKE: Exactly--
way back in the '70s.
And I just couldn't get the
questions out of my mind.
It was the first time I'd
actually read something like
that or even realized people
thought that thoroughly
or questioned things,
such as biblical text.
And it blew me away.
And it really started
a quest of just trying
to find out more
information along that line.
But it wasn't until
1994 that I really
took on investigating
specifically UFOs full time.
>>NOORY: What happened in
'94 to make you do that?
>>KLOETZKE: I think I just found
the opportunity and time where
I could put so much energy into
it, and I joined MUFON in 1996.
>>NOORY: Mutual UFO Network.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
And got the field
manual and took the test
and became a field
investigator, which eventually
led to Deputy Director of
Investigations and STAR
team manager.
And I didn't redesigned the
whole program after Bigelow.
>>NOORY: You enjoy this.
>>KLOETZKE: I love it.
Yes, I love it.
>>NOORY: Are you convinced
that we're being visited?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Yes, I am.
And I believe UFOs
are real, and I
believe that they are
visiting Earth and interacting
with humanity.
I also believe we have mountains
of evidence of this, however,
the public and
scientists may not really
understand that because we're
not very good at presenting it
correctly.
>>NOORY: I must have been 18
or 19 years old in Detroit when
the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek
came to Michigan to talk
about the Dexter Michigan
case, which he coined
the phrase, swamp gas,
and it haunted him
for the rest of his career.
But I remember that
in-- at 19, I'm
working for a television station
in that city at that time,
and we were still
talking about that.
Just an incredible case.
>>KLOETZKE: We're still
talking about that swamp gas
because it's something
that comes up.
It still haunts you
Ufology to this day.
And I was actually
working a case.
I was in the swamps of Louisiana
looking for the Honey Island
Swamp monster.
And the swamp gas, of course,
came up with some of the press
and locals that were there.
And it just really
struck me that we
need to give our witnesses more
credibility and more credit.
When you have these people
that were raised on the swamp,
they're fifth generation
there, I think they know--
>>NOORY: They know what
they're looking at.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely!
They know what swamp gas is,
and that's not what they saw.
>>NOORY: Hynek
switched eventually--
became a staunch believer in
extraterrestrial presence,
and I think until
the day he died,
he was mortified
by the fact that he
had called this swamp gas.
The Midwest loaded with
incredible UFO cases,
including one in Ohio.
Tell me a little bit
about that, and then we'll
watch a video on that.
>>KLOETZKE: We have a lot of
cases that are reported to us.
And, as an independent
investigator at the time,
I literally prefer the cases
that have physical evidence.
It's my forte-- is to
get out there and take
really complicated
and sensitive cases,
break them down, piece
them together so that they
meet the burden of proof.
There's an admissibility
in our case studies,
in our case files, that we
not only owe the witness,
but we owe the public and
the scientific community.
So this case presented physical
evidence, credible witnesses,
a lot of photographs,
and that's what we did.
We went out and got
all the testimonies,
corroborated a lot of
what he was claiming
and alleged, and
picked up the evidence.
And really, the main thing,
and the biggest thing
we're changing out
here right now,
is taking the evidence to
professionals that have nothing
to do with the UFO field.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
take a look at it, Chase.
Here we go.
This is a case from Ohio.
Take a look.
>>KLOETZKE: This is
something you've called us in
to redo for you.
Can you give us a little
background on this first?
>>Well, I'd have to
start with the night
before that I found it.
I was at home by
myself, and my wife
came driving up to the
front of the house.
And I heard the horn honking,
and my wife was yelling.
So I turned around
and went outside,
and she was pointing
up over the house
and saying that there was a
large UFO above the house.
And by the time I got the rest
of the way out and looked up,
it just disappeared.
And that started out the
night of strangeness.
Next morning, I got up
to go check the mail.
About a third of the
way up the driveway,
I heard a noise that sounded
like one of these old washing
machines that was broken.
So I glanced up and looked at
where I was hearing it from.
And it was an object that
was about 100 yards long.
I turned around and I
looked, and there you--
the object wasn't that far from
the front door on the ground.
>>KLOETZKE: This object?
>>Yes.
>>KLOETZKE: OK.
>>But it was
different, of course.
It was bigger this way.
Looked more like a
hatchet or something.
>>KLOETZKE: Oh, OK.
>>And then on the
side here, there
was a large piece of red
metal that stuck to this.
And when I went to touch
it, it was really hot.
It was too hot for me.
I immediately took it
to have it analyzed.
>>We are simply going to
look at things objectively.
This piece of metal had a
very specific micro structure,
and it was because
of that, we could
say it was engineered
to serve a function.
>>NOORY: Do you
believe that case?
>>KLOETZKE: I do.
I do.
And Bennie Foggin
has literally had
a lifetime of high strangeness--
UFO visitations and encounters.
His neighbors have seen it.
His family has seen this.
Many people are on the record.
It's a really great
case, but again, I
think the problem with
some of these cases
is how we present it.
We have tons of evidence
in the UFO field,
but why is the mainstream
not understanding that?
>>NOORY: They don't pick it up.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Or the public?
>>NOORY: They're not
interested in it.
They laugh about
it in some cases.
>>KLOETZKE: A lot of ridicule.
>>NOORY: We've got
some dear friends,
Lee Speigel at The Huffington
Post, he's into UFOs.
And he handles it in a very
newsy, no nonsense way.
But we need more
people like that.
>>KLOETZKE: We do.
He keeps his
journalistic integrity
while he's discussing the
UFO phenomenon, and that's
exactly what we need,
people that come in and give
the topic as much
research as they would
a robbery at the 7-Eleven, where
the reporters can quote data.
This 7-Eleven has been
robbed seven times
in the last four years,
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>KLOETZKE: And if they just
did a little bit of homework,
they'd see there was more to it.
>>NOORY: Are we still getting
a lot of UFO cases, Chase?
>>KLOETZKE: We are.
And I'm not sure if it's because
the activities increased,
or there's a lot
more in the skies.
Those drones are
killing us right now.
And the satellite technology--
>>NOORY: Screwing everything up.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah, it's really
very difficult with the--
between the Patriot Act
and the high secrecy
and all the technology
up there-- China's
not going to tell us
their drones either.
So if just our military
complex and the things that
are up there now
isn't enough, you
have to deal with an
international phenomena that's
also studying our skies.
It's very, very difficult
to get the information
or to effectively
investigate these.
But we're still
handling a lot of this.
>>NOORY: Is it possible
that, years ago, we
were seeing tested drones
that people thought,
hey, there's a UFO.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
And I think when people know
that you're a UFO investigator,
they think we're out
here trying to prove
the UFO phenomena is real.
What we're trying to do is
find evidence and proofs
of exactly what's going on.
It's the truth of it.
>>NOORY: Whatever it is.
>>KLOETZKE: Exactly.
So there's many times I'll
take a case-- or many of us
will take a case, we get out
there, and we can't explain it.
>>NOORY: An unexplained
drone is a UFO, right?
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And with their being
unmanned, there's
a lot of issues they don't
have to deal with with humans
inside, so the
maneuverability is
much like what we're seeing
on a lot of the video games.
They're extraordinary shapes.
They're larger than
most people think.
I think when they
think of drones,
they imagine a
consumer level drone.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>KLOETZKE: Some of these
drones are humongous.
>>NOORY: When you are on
a case, outline for us
exactly what you will do?
>>KLOETZKE: Usually,
it depends on the case
where the first priority is.
Sometimes, it's the evidence.
Sometimes, it's
witness testimony.
When I go--
>>NOORY: Or both.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
Usually when I go
in is to really--
I'm a data collector
and a door kicker.
So I go in and I hear the
accounts of what they allege
happened.
And it's my job to
collect everything
I can, all the information,
all the data, and then
put it together and
see what we have
and look for corroborating
the evidence.
My goal, in every case that
I accept, is admissibility.
We owe this to our witnesses--
I'll canvas a neighborhood.
Now, I won't knock on a door
and say, hi, your neighbor,
Bob Johnson, down
the road saw a UFO,
and I was wondering
if you saw anything--
>>NOORY: Did you see it?
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
We're very professional
in how we handle things.
But I'll canvas a neighborhood.
I'll go to the
7-Eleven down and see
if they have video footage using
the same techniques as Homeland
Security or a local
police department.
And most times, people
are cooperative,
especially when they know
what you're looking for.
They're curious.
>>NOORY: I talk to Peter
Davenport a lot of my radio
show--
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah, he's awesome.
>>NOORY: --from the National
UFO Reporting Center,
so I know that UFO reports
continue to come in.
But what we seem
to be lacking are
the old type of UFO
reports of landings,
tripod marks, scorches.
Where are those cases?
Why aren't they happening?
>>KLOETZKE: I don't know
if they are slowing down
or if we're just not getting
as many of them anymore.
I still get several
of those every year
and especially the landings.
I really haven't seen too
much of a decrease in that.
I think a lot of it has to do
with the lack of investigators
and boots on the
ground out in the field
to go and get the soil samples
and get these to the labs.
>>NOORY: Or is
something happening?
Maybe they're not landing
anymore for some reason.
>>KLOETZKE: Maybe.
Maybe.
There's a lot of
theory out there
that UFO encounters
have advanced,
and they've become very
different each decade.
Whereas, in the '50s, it was
the contact-- the very friendly,
wonderful contact.
And in the '60s, you
start an abduction
and not so friendly
in the '60s and '70s.
And then, of course,
the '80s, you're
getting into hybrids and
babies and reproductive type
experiments.
And it almost seems like
there's a progression.
And we're still
trying to figure out
if that has a lot to do
with social atmosphere
of our culture that these
change or if there really
is a different agenda.
But Ufology is huge.
There's so many
different aspects.
You almost have to pick a
camp, like investigating,
researching, to
really come together
for us to solve these questions.
It's very scientific.
>>NOORY: You would think
with this era of smart phones
that we'd capture more
video or pictures of these,
and we really aren't yet.
>>KLOETZKE: I think we do.
It's just there's so much
on the internet, which
makes it very
difficult for anybody
trying to find out any news
about UFOs or any information.
>>NOORY: And real non-hoax ones.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
Because there's so much.
Everybody, with
those smart phones,
may be not giving us
the reports as much
as they used to because
now they can put it
on Facebook and YouTube and--
>>NOORY: Instagram.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
So I think that's where a
lot of our reports are going.
But if you're looking
for an investigator,
we're not scanning those photos.
>>NOORY: One of my
favorite UFO cases
are the ones where
military members testify
that craft shut down
military nuclear facilities.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah, that's my
favorite case too, George.
>>NOORY: Which ones
have you looked at?
>>KLOETZKE: I've looked at
several of the military ones.
And, of course, my husband's
active duty as well,
so I have an audience
available to me.
So I hear a lot
of these accounts.
And some things I can say
and repeat and other things I
can't.
But it's tucked away knowledge
that helps me in the next step.
Bob Salas, amazing.
>>NOORY: Great story.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes, and
he is so credible.
And I think, with the--
Robert Salas, honestly,
he-- the vetting that they
go through for that kind
of security clearance at
that time, for what he
was dealing with, any
kind of nuclear weapons.
So his character is
beyond, beyond the normal.
He lives above that standard.
>>NOORY: And I would say
he's beyond reproach.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Would you?
And he was at a station,
probably on a duty,
and some security
guards were up top,
and things start
happening and things that
are not supposed to happen.
And just like good
personnel of our military,
they start seeing things.
And he's hearing things from
topside about strange lights.
Well, of course, they're not
thinking UFOs right away.
They're thinking what kind of
technology, what's coming in,
this is a national
security issue.
So as things are
being reported down,
they are also
experiencing things
that are not supposed to
happen as well in this area,
watching each nuclear missile
completely shut itself down.
So of course--
>>NOORY: Amazing story.
>>KLOETZKE: It is.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
>>KLOETZKE: And I
just glossed over it,
but he's-- this is
one of the best,
I believe because we
have trained observers.
We have people that we know
are not prone to fantasy
in any way, shape, or form.
These are people that can't lie.
Again, character is
above the standard.
We have corroborating
witnesses, and we
have a phenomenon
that absolutely is not
supposed to happen, and it did.
>>NOORY: Well, I think
it's changed his life.
>>KLOETZKE: It certainly has.
And I think the behavior
of superiors after that--
this is a national
security issue,
which would have
demanded a sitrep,
be completely put up
the chain, and yet,
what happens after
that is really--
>>NOORY: Well, it's pretty
classified I would guess.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes,
it's a cover up.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look at
the White Sands Missile Base
case.
This is a great one.
>>The military person--
Villa was his name--
said that it was a
weather balloon that they
had to remove from there.
And I know I've seen
weather balloons before,
and that was no weather balloon.
That object came and
crashed right across--
all the way across and came--
>>KLOETZKE: To stop right there.
So the path is a old road.
It did an S-turn and
landed right there
where you see that dirt
that nothing is growing.
You see that dirt where
nothing is growing,
between the mesquite there?
And it that landed there.
>>That base has got something
to do-- because this is not
the only object [INAUDIBLE].
There's many, many of them.
>>KLOETZKE: I'll go ahead and
do that research for the soil
and composition for Paula.
I'm sure it has been tested.
It would have to be.
So it's probably
online somewhere.
>>Why do you do that?
>>KLOETZKE: This is for any kind
of testing that we can double
check to see if there's
any trace evidence
of any other alloy.
In other words,
there's also pollen.
Because it has been
out and contaminated
through the elements, we
can, through these samples,
dismiss that in
the real evidence.
So we're just going to let
this dry, put it in our books.
>>NOORY: Are cases like that
happening all over the planet?
>>KLOETZKE: We still get a
lot of the military cases.
Absolutely.
And the phenomena seems
very, very interested
in our conflicts, all conflicts.
And we see that--
>>NOORY: But they don't
get involved, Chase.
>>KLOETZKE: Absolutely.
That is something that
adds a lot of data.
It tells us something about
this phenomena, doesn't it?
There's not a lot
of interaction.
It's almost like
we're on our own,
and they're going to
either watch and see, wait
until they can come in,
but that's a discussion.
Good news is there's not
a whole lot of debate
if intelligent beings from
other planets is real.
Even science is on board now.
Nobody's really debating heavily
if they're visiting our earth.
Really, the question today
is, what exactly do they want?
And who are they?
>>NOORY: Right.
If you listen to David Jacobs,
it's something very, very bad,
and it's ongoing.
And let's hope he's wrong,
but I don't know if he is.
>>KLOETZKE: I don't either.
And I saw a lot of
this when I was working
with LA Marzulli looking for
the Nephilim and biblical
proof of a genetic manipulation
here on-- with humanity.
And I gave LA's theory--
kicking and screaming, George,
because I was nuts and bolts.
I came from nuts and bolts, so--
>>NOORY: I think he's right on.
>>KLOETZKE: After a year,
it was very, very difficult.
Yeah, I absolutely
do agree that he
has as much evidence
in every way, shape,
or form, physical, trace
evidence, documented evidence,
as a nuts and bolts community.
And it's really coming
down to who are they.
It's going to be
one or the other.
That's what it's
looking like, and that's
where the evidence points.
>>NOORY: Marzulli's theory is
that if you look at Genesis,
it is not fallen angels,
it is extraterrestrials.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
Well, he believes--
I believe he thinks
there's also intelligent
life on other planets.
But what's influencing
humans, what is actually
happening with us, is more
supernatural and cosmic,
and it is a fallen
angel scenario.
And of course, we have the text
of them coming down, having
relations with human women.
They found them beautiful.
And--
>>NOORY: Mated with them.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes and
had a race of giants.
And of course--
>>NOORY: That got
wiped out in the flood.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes, because
it polluted a genome.
And of course, this would
affect the birth of Jesus Christ
as the Savior.
>>NOORY: So let's wipe them out.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
Which is better
than a genocidal god
that was just mad because we
were corrupt and bad humans.
And I really like that
better that it was more
about a corrupted genome.
And it does make more
sense when you realize
Noah wasn't perfect either.
But why was his family chosen?
And LA's theory, as
well as many others--
I refer to it as LA's
because I've worked so
closely with him for so long.
But he believes that this
genetic manipulation continues
to this day and that there
is a cosmic influence.
So as a ufologist--
>>NOORY: He may be right.
>>KLOETZKE: So as a
ufologist-- exactly,
George-- you come into this.
And you can't ignore evidence.
You can't ignore the path just
because you don't like it.
And I didn't like it.
And yet, I find
myself absolutely
finding more and more
reason to understand
that he's most likely dead on.
And my other question
that I ask now
is, does it have to
be one or the other?
Does it have to be
they're coming here
from other planets on a full
tank of gas and a Red Bull?
Or are they coming
here dimensional?
Do we have supernatural beings?
Can't it be everything?
>>NOORY: Wormholes.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
This universe--
>>NOORY: They're
coming in that way.
>>KLOETZKE: --universe is huge.
I mean what are
the chances that we
could have a supernatural
reality that some of these
might transverse dimensions.
Angels would
transverse dimensions.
Why couldn't that be real?
And we also have life
on other planets.
We don't like to
mix our sciences,
and we don't like to
get out of our boxes.
But I have a feeling
that this phenomena
is going to make us do both.
>>NOORY: We're with
Chase Kloetzke,
of course, noted
author and ufologist.
When I was a youngster,
I was a member
of NICAP, National
Investigations
Committee for Aerial Phenomena.
I had my little card, and I
thought I was a junior UFO
investigator.
That organization went away.
It was very professional.
We had pilots, military
people involved.
MUFON has since
become the next NICAP.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: You are part of MUFON.
What's it doing to try
to get the word out?
>>KLOETZKE: MUFON--
for a long time,
I belong to them for 18 years.
And actually, had an
incident where I left.
I left as a STAR team manager.
My resignation sent shockwaves
through the UFO community.
>>NOORY: That must
have bothered you.
>>KLOETZKE: It did
because I love my job.
I loved being a
STAR team manager.
But I'm on the record
saying my integrity was not
for sale or rent.
And I found my back in a corner.
>>NOORY: Do you care
to share the story?
>>KLOETZKE: Well, it was when
we had our cases compromise
with the STAR team.
And I caught a couple
people red-handed.
>>NOORY: And who's
the STAR team?
What's the STAR team?
>>KLOETZKE: The STAR team
was the advanced unit
that they had, and we handled
most of the complicated cases.
All CAT 3's belong
to the STAR team.
So any case that offers physical
evidence, trace evidence--
>>NOORY: The good ones.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah, the good ones.
Exactly.
But not the lights in the sky.
But they require more training
than most field investigators
start out with, so you have
to apply to be on a STAR team.
And it's deployable, so we try
to get there within 24 hours
because the longer evidence
sits out, it degrades.
>>NOORY: How many on that team?
>>KLOETZKE: We had
a national team.
I developed-- I wrote
all the policies.
>>NOORY: 5 people?
6 people?
What?
>>KLOETZKE: I would
guess probably 50.
>>NOORY: 50?
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's a lot.
>>KLOETZKE: We tried to
have a couple in every state
because that's the best
chance of getting there.
>>NOORY: Instant and quick.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes,
and that's the key.
>>NOORY: And then
something happened?
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
And we found our cases
were constantly, constantly
being compromised.
>>NOORY: By?
>>KLOETZKE: A couple
members of MUFON.
And it became very clear
to me-- very, very clear.
And I just had a--
>>NOORY: Were they plants?
>>KLOETZKE: I believe so.
I believe that they had
an agenda of their own.
And with an organization as
big as MUFON, it's difficult.
It's difficult to
weed this out when
you're dealing with volunteers.
How much do you check
into their background?
How much do you infiltrate
personal information
and the right to privacy?
But you almost
realize they're going
to be, George,
because that's where
you get all the information.
They're getting most of
the reports reported.
So I quit.
And four years later--
it was just recently,
January of this year,
I have returned back
to MUFON to help with a
very advanced team called
the special assignments team.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about that team.
>>KLOETZKE: This is
going to be a small unit
that MUFON finds are cases
that just can't be put on CMS.
These are the whistleblowers.
These are high security
cases, politicians,
high ranking military
members, that
need to have something
put on record
and very discreetly investigated
and then public someday.
Some may not-- some may have
us sit on it for two years.
Some may become confident
with our job and the abilities
to protect them.
But the SAT team is at new
tier-- it's a third tier MUFON,
so it offers another
chance for investigators
to grow and develop.
And I'm really excited to be
back and to be part of that.
I think the new TV show brings
in a lot of attention to MUFON.
And with that comes
a lot of reports,
so this team is
really going to handle
some of the cases that normally
would fall through the cracks
because they can't go
on that public CMS.
And of course, the CMS is
the case management system.
>>NOORY: Are there cases that
we haven't been told about that
or just mind boggling?
>>KLOETZKE: In MUFON
or just in general?
>>NOORY: In general.
>>KLOETZKE: I believe so.
Absolutely.
There's cases that really have
a difficult time coming out
to the public.
A lot of that has to do with
lack of proper investigation.
Some of it has to do with just
the information needs to sit
dormant for a little bit.
I believe most investigators
out here, boots on the ground,
have a couple of those
cases that you just
walk away until the
witness is comfortable.
I believe it's
their experiences.
And so, not to sabotage
or to get so gung
ho-- I call it
bravado investigation.
We're they're out
there, I got this case,
and we're doing this.
I really let the witness make
the decisions and protect them.
It's dog-eat-dog in this
new arena of social media
and instant bullying.
And I just really want
to protect our witnesses.
We've seen all of them.
Travis Walton comes to mind.
>>NOORY: That's a
great story with him.
Who's in the know about UFOs?
Is the president?
See, I sometimes think
they don't even know.
>>KLOETZKE: I agree.
I don't think so.
He's a temporary employee,
and especially, this president
with his relationship
with the intelligence--
>>NOORY: There's
no need to know,
so they don't tell them, right?
>>KLOETZKE: Why would they?
Yeah, there would be no benefit
for the president to know
or even most of the politicians.
I believe this is, sincerely,
a few people that control--
>>NOORY: They say Nixon knew.
>>KLOETZKE: He probably had
not only-- like Eisenhower,
there was a need to know.
There was a reason for them
to be read in and brought in.
And Nixon probably
had that as well.
Or, he had that
intelligence background.
When you think of Bush
and Cheney, did they know?
Probably, because they
grew up in that whole--
>>NOORY: Environment.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah.
They were both CIA
directors and--
>>NOORY: Carter,
he wanted to know.
I don't think he did.
>>KLOETZKE: Right.
He did grow up in the culture.
>>NOORY: Clinton wanted to know.
I don't think he did.
>>KLOETZKE: They don't grow up--
>>NOORY: JFK, they
say, was killed
because he knew and
wanted the world to know.
>>KLOETZKE: He, again,
also had that distaste
for the kind of
secrecy that he ran
into when he became president.
And he and his brother
were definitely
champions of the people.
And you can't be a
champion of the people
and keep these kind of secrets.
So I do believe that
the Kennedys were
going to call out some of the
secrecy of the FBI and CIA.
>>NOORY: If the public
only knew, Chase,
they'd be baffled
by all of this.
What's next?
What's next in
the study of UFOs?
>>KLOETZKE: It's really
just honing in our skills
and being more professional with
how we present our evidence,
following proper procedures,
not being so gung
ho with the headlines,
"Rock Found Proves Aliens."
We have to meet a standard,
and we owe the public that.
They want to know
too, you and I know.
>>NOORY: Oh, they're
desperate to find out.
>>KLOETZKE: Yes.
And we have the answers.
We just need to be better at
how we present our evidence
and not be so crazy
with some of it.
Take your time.
Do your job.
And also to figure out
some of this drone activity
and start doing our
homework out here.
>>NOORY: You've written
a kids' book on UFOs.
How come?
>>KLOETZKE: Because my grandson
was asking these questions,
and I didn't know what
to say to him, George.
Because at that point, I
knew whatever I told them,
he was going to believe
because he knows what I do,
and he loves me.
And there was this
huge responsibility--
>>NOORY: Grandma.
>>KLOETZKE: Yeah-- that I
had to be really careful
because they're so precious.
But the questions he
asked me, I realized
how much aliens and UFOs
are in their little culture.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
They see it all the time.
>>KLOETZKE: Cartoons,
video games, everywhere.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
What's the name of that book?
>>KLOETZKE: It's "Are
Aliens Really Real?"
>>NOORY: Great.
Chase, thanks for
being on the program.
>>KLOETZKE: You're welcome.
>>NOORY: Appreciate it.
>>KLOETZKE: Thanks
for having me.
>>NOORY: UFOs, whether
you believe or not,
something is going on.
Just look up in the
skies on any given night,
you'll see something strange.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."